what keeps you motivated you're so
successful you got a lot money you're
doing okay everything you have see you
accomplish so many things so what what
makes you go to the store on a only
Tuesday night to work on stand up I
don't look when you when you get
successful at something the best thing
that it does is alleviate stress but it
doesn't change the motivation motivation
is always to create something that I
like that I can be proud of that the
people enjoy most importantly there's a
bunch of people that watch my standup I
got to work out it I don't want to be an
asshole I don't want to be that guy that
you come to see my show and you go ha
her hair he didn't care he didn't try
you know thank you
I'm not gonna be that so I look we all
have bad sets I'll have bad sets I'll
try I try my best though I fuckin try my
best and I'm gonna keep trying my best
because I think if I don't I leave I
leave doubt in my own head that
shouldn't be there if I do my best and
it just doesn't work I have to figure
out what was wrong but if I don't do my
best
it doesn't work you feel like shit yeah
that's true but I think that um I still
feel like shit even if it doesn't work
and I did my best
[Laughter]
failure rather than a loser yeah but I
think when I was younger doing comedy my
20s and May it might have just been a
Portland thing there was always kind of
this vibe of like I didn't try my best
if I tried my best I would have crushed
it but I didn't try my best so I didn't
really fail yeah that's a trap that a
lot of comics get into when they are in
front of a small crowd no more that yeah
Damron goes deep and one of the those
moments when you're a young comic or
someone says something to you and it
really gives you a nice boost like you
feel great about it
and one time I was at the store and it
was maybe like 12 or 13 people in the
audience the most was like yeah no I'll
keep going it was
Paul Mooney is in the background and
he's 12 or 13 people
I'm just doing my act and Mooney starts
laughing hard like a supportive laugh
like he's with you huh and then he came
up to me off the show something to do
something to extent of your a real comic
like that's what makes you real comic
you do those real shows in front of all
those people you know you do a real show
yeah you don't you don't like say oh
there's only 10 people and I think you
don't have a set you out there and do
your best